OSDOCS#6447: Added a new ImageSet config example to include multi-arch feature. (#63191)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-mirror-image-set-config-examples.adoc

    targetCatalog: my-namespace/my-operator-catalog
----

// New example; multi-arch; all versions
[discrete]
[id="oc-mirror-image-set-examples-multi-arch_{context}"]

> == Use case: Including all versions of OpenShift Container Platform from a minimum to the latest

Reviewer: +1

> == Use case: Including all versions of OpenShift Container Platform from a minimum to the latest

Reviewer: +1 to unique heading.

> == Use case: Including all versions of OpenShift Container Platform from a minimum to the latest

Reviewer 2: I think the ask was to put this content under the existing heading and not to create a new heading. 
Since I am taking this over, I will create a new PR.

The following `ImageSetConfiguration` file sets the `architectures` field to `multi` to include `multi` as the platform architecture which mirrors a multi-arch release image.

> Previously, oc-mirror users are able to mirror x86_64 release images when no platform architecture is specified in imageSetConfig. They could also mirror other architectures individually by adding other platform architectures in the imageSetConfig.

Reviewer 3: If not, then something like this maybe ==>

```suggestion
Previously, you could mirror release images based on the `x86_64` architecture when no platform architecture was specified in the `ImageSetConfiguration` file. You could mirror release images based on other architectures by specifying architecture types in the `ImageSetConfiguration` file.
```

> Previously, oc-mirror users are able to mirror x86_64 release images when no platform architecture is specified in imageSetConfig. They could also mirror other architectures individually by adding other platform architectures in the imageSetConfig.

Reviewer 3: Also should "x86_64" be in backticks  (``) ?

> Previously, oc-mirror users are able to mirror x86_64 release images when no platform architecture is specified in imageSetConfig. They could also mirror other architectures individually by adding other platform architectures in the imageSetConfig.

Reviewer 3: Sorry, I missed it earlier, I think this should be placed in the beginning of the section, i.e before these lines:
>The following `ImageSetConfiguration` file sets the `architectures` field to `multi` to include `multi` as the platform architecture which mirrors a multi-arch release image.

> Previously, oc-mirror users are able to mirror x86_64 release images when no platform architecture is specified in imageSetConfig. They could also mirror other architectures individually by adding other platform architectures in the imageSetConfig.

Reviewer: Sorry but this bit of info doesn't really add much value. Instead provide more helpful information. For example, consider answering the following ques:

- What's the default value for the `architectures` field? 
Based on the example YAML, I see that it's `amd64` 
- What are the possible values? 
`amd64`, `arm64`, `ppc64le`, `s390x` and `multi`
- What happens when you leave the `architectures` field empty? 
Previously it was `x86_64` but that's irrelevant now. So what's it today?

Alternatively, you could add callouts in the YAML file and answer the same question more specifically.

Further, for the instances of imageSetConfig either use general reference or object reference. For example, image set configuration file or `ImageSetConfiguration` object.   
If you choose to go with the backtick version for object references, make sure to also include the word "object" or "resource" or similar following the object names. 

See [API object formatting](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#object-references)

> With this feature, users can specify multi as the platform architecture which mirrors a multi-arch release image.

Reviewer: +1

> With this feature, users can specify multi as the platform architecture which mirrors a multi-arch release image.

Author: Ack.

.Example `ImageSetConfiguration` file
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: mirror.openshift.io/v1alpha2
kind: ImageSetConfiguration
mirror:
  platform:
architectures:
   - "multi" # Valid values are: amd64(default), arm64, ppc64le, s390x and multi.
channels:
   - name: stable-4.9
     minVersion: 4.9.13
     maxVersion: 4.9.26

> ----

Reviewer 4: @subhtk Above example does not work to mirror multi arch releases. Please help update the example as below, thanks !!
apiVersion: mirror.openshift.io/v1alpha2
kind: ImageSetConfiguration
mirror:
  platform:
architectures:
   - "multi" # Valid values are: amd64(default), arm64, ppc64le, s390x and multi.
channels:
   - name: stable-4.13
     minVersion: 4.13.4
     maxVersion: 4.13.6

Author: Ack.
